[Music]
Ayelet minnow introduced players to a
young boy that found himself washed up
on the shores of a mysterious island
after exploring the area he stumbles
across a village inhabited by a group of
locals that all offer various missions
to complete the main aspect of the
experience seemed to focus upon various
minigames such as collecting with
feathers mowing lawns and various other
activities that would benefit the locals
not much else is known about the game as
this is all the information that can be
gained from the live die so that
thankfully was dumped online it was
developed by sumo digital and was
quietly cancelled in 2006 there's no
real reason as the wire got canned and
all but vanished from the company's
history which is a real shame as it was
clearly shaping up to be something
special
[Music]
after the somewhat dismal performance of
Tomb Raider the Angel of Darkness it was
decided by corn design that the next
installment in the franchise was to be a
retelling of the first adventure that
were both enhancing of a stem nearly
every aspect of it afternoon in nine
months of development the project was
unfortunately cancelled by SCE but many
point to the reason being the core
design was salt with different companies
which likely resulted in the publisher
I'd us not wanting the game to continue
as a huge fan of the original Tomb
Raider games it's a real shame this
version never got to see the light of
day all we have left of the project is a
trailer that showed Lara taken on
dinosaurs displaying her acrobatic
abilities and visiting a whole range of
unique locations following the
cancellation the idea of a remake of the
original game would eventually see the
light of day thanks to the efforts of
Crystal Dynamics who will go on to
release Tomb Raider Anniversary but
still it would have been nice to see the
project come to life in its initial form
xiaolin streets was a bitmap that was
originally planned to release both on
the PlayStation 2 as well as the PSP
develop ijl games it was eventually
canceled and it was decided that the
project should move towards the next
generation of consoles which sadly never
got released as well from the gameplay
available players were to take up the
role of a character known as Li with the
intention of cleaning the streets are a
selection of fighting moves inspired by
kung-fu were implemented as well as ways
in which to traverse the environment
such as a handy wall jump and climb and
mechanic the scene to offer players in
many ways in which to take everyone on
now not much is really known as the wyan
never saw the light of day and is
instead often put down to the economic
issues of the time but could have been
affecting the company Advan shadow was
originally in development by Majesco and
was to be a companion piece to a game
known as Advan risin that was
subsequently releasing on the home
consoles but before it had the chance to
be finished it was canceled and would go
on to join the list of games that were
never meant to be thankfully quite a bit
of information was known about the
project and it would have seen players
assuming the role of meirin still on a
quest to save humanity from an impending
alien invasion essentially a
third-person action-adventure from what
we know it looks like a huge range of
futuristic weapons were going to be at
the play's disposal and to focus upon
minutes minute gunplay was going to be a
huge part of the experience the only
real reason available as to why it was
cancelled is that Majesco ran into
financial difficulties resulting in the
project having to be axed
[Music]
Duke Nukem critical mass was initially
in development for both the Nintendo DS
as well as the PSP to this day it is
unknown as to why the project was
canceled with only a few screenshots in
the trailer showing what was initially
developed quite a bit is known about the
game though due to several design
documents that detailed the entire
experience it was going to be comprised
of nine areas that would all be divided
into 27 missions which in typical Joop
Nukem fashion would see a whole range of
weapons being available to the player as
well as many ways in which to accomplish
missions due to the freedom present in
each level after its initial debut the
PSP vision of the experience would
slowly disappear as mentioned there's no
real reason as to why it happened and
Duke Nukem critical mass would go on to
become another game never to surface on
the PSP back in 2005 following the
release of sly free honour among thieves
an untitled entry in the series was
being developed for the PSP by vigil
games not much at all is known about it
apart from a short summary of its
premise that likely would have seen
Bentley's character creating a time
machine in which sly would have been
able to visit various periods for art
history it all sounds very similar to
the future title have thieves in time on
the PlayStation 3 and Vita but this
generally is wise believed mainly due to
the concept art that was released
regarding the project the most
intriguing piece of art is a character
that has since become known as darks
light and most likely would have served
as the game's antagonist but like many
other games on this list will
unfortunately never know what became of
the project
originally starting out life as a part
of the second entry in the Saints Row
series undercover soon became its own
unique experience due to the limitations
of the hardware and not being able to
replicate everything from the second
iteration the game would have seen
players visiting locations that were
present in both same rows one and two
with a couple of newly designed areas to
make it stand out as an entirely new
adventure as you would expect the
diverse amount of guns and melee weapons
were gonna be included as well as a
promise of narrative that would see
players started out as a cop that soon
succumb to a life of crime but it was
not meant to be the project was supposed
to be can't do to it not meeting the
standards that have been set by the
series and it was a shame this it was
shaping up to be something quite special
Saints Row and the cover did receive a
happy ending though as fine flee a few
years back that the bad phase of the
game dumped it online allowing all PSP
owners to finally jump into the
adventure albeit in an unfinished State
but it's still nice to have the option
elder scrolls oblivion was originally
announced for the PSP by the official
PlayStation Magazine in 2006 they stated
that it was going to be an entirely
different experience when compared to
what fans were accustomed to instead of
offering an open world in which to
explore it would instead focus upon
several levels that were all essentially
self-contained slices if the areas in
the main version of the game
gameplay-wise a range of melee weapons
and magical abilities would have been
available to the player in which to take
on enemies but due to the lack of inputs
on the PSP system the control scheme was
going to share much in common with the
likes of Metroid Prime with the player
being required to hold down the shoulder
button in order to look around the
environment now there is no definitive
reason as to why this game was canceled
just rumours that developers climax
studios ran into difficulties during its
development
[Music]
judging by the short trailer that was
initially released back in 2008 who she
rolled up like he was going to be a
turn-based RPG with a huge focus upon
horror developed by level-5 players
would be taping up the role of a young
boy known as Ichiro
that had the ability to grant a wish to
those on the brink of death in exchange
for their lives gameplay wise it looked
like it was going to focus on exploring
the various locations that would have
been present with several actions open
to the player including possessing NPCs
listening in on conversations and
finally fighting the evil within
people's hearts that were to take the
form of monsters this is where the
turn-based battling system would have
come into play and from our brief look
at it during the trailer
if clearly could have been one of the
best aspects of the game shortly after
its reveal everything about mashiro went
dark and it would slowly fall into
obscurity with the inevitable soon
becoming obvious that it had been
unfortunately canceled
not a lot is known about the PSP version
of Capcom survival-horror juggernaut
that was originally announced way back
in 2009 at the Electronic Entertainment
Expo Sony took to the stage to announce
that a new entry in the Resident Evil
franchise was landing on the PSP simply
titled Resident Evil portable we learned
that the game was in the early
development stage and was being
developed with the newly announced UMD
free PSP Joe in mind eleven years later
we still have no information as to what
Resident Evil portable was about or a
reason as to why it never came to
fruition which is a real shame as it had
the potential to be something truly
special and in my mind perhaps would
have been a continuation of the part of
the outbreak series that focuses upon
online and cooperative play which would
have been a perfect fit for the handheld
machine but I guess we'll never know
what became of it
[Music]
you